[hacktoberfest] Model `license:other` + Dataset `languages`  challenges (#981)
huggingface/hub-docs: hacktoberfest_challenges/model_license_other.md

> 

Reviewer: Please put the license in the documentation images dataset on the hub

Author: Yes, right :+1:

# Model `license:other` challenge

## Context

The Hugging Face Hub hosts hundreds of thousands of public models and datasets. Public doesn't necessarily mean open-source without any limitations. Authors can define which license applies to the work they share (e.g. [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/), [Apache2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0), [OpenRAIL](https://huggingface.co/blog/open_rail), etc.). All users must be able to quickly know which license applies to which model and even to list models with a specific license (e.g. [Apache2.0](https://huggingface.co/models?license=license:apache-2.0&sort=trending)). The Hub relies on the [Model Card](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/model-cards) to do so. A Model Card is a file attached to a model providing handy information. They are essential for discoverability, reproducibility and sharing. In our case, we will focus on the [metadata](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/model-cards#model-card-metadata) section of the Model Card. This metadata contains valuable information, including a `license` tag.

> In this challenge, we will focus on models that as the license `"other"`. This means that the model has a custom license defined by the author. For example, LLama2 models have their own license [llama-2-community-license](https://ai.meta.com/llama/license). Historically, this information was not available in the model card metadata. This is now possible by adding the license name and a URL to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this challenge, we will focus on models that as the license `"other"`. This means that the model has a custom license defined by the author. For example, Llama 2 models have their own license [llama-2-community-license](https://ai.meta.com/llama/license). Historically, this information was not available in the model card metadata. This is now possible by adding the license name and a URL to it:
```

> In this challenge, we will focus on models that as the license `"other"`. This means that the model has a custom license defined by the author. For example, LLama2 models have their own license [llama-2-community-license](https://ai.meta.com/llama/license). Historically, this information was not available in the model card metadata. This is now possible by adding the license name and a URL to it:

Reviewer: Llama 2 license is now supported among the official licenses, so maybe it makes sense to put an unsupported example. WDYT?

Author: Oh, didn't know that. Do you have another example that is "quite known"?

Reviewer: Maybe coqui is a good example for that, but no strong opinion

Reviewer: Maybe coqui is a good example for that, but no strong opinion

```yaml
# Example from https://huggingface.co/coqui/XTTS-v1
---
license: other
license_name: coqui-public-model-license
license_link: https://coqui.ai/cpml
---
```

which display on the Hub as

![](./assets/license_other_example.png)

This challenge aims to improve the completeness of this metadata on the Hub, which will ultimately benefit all users.                                                                     

## How to contribute?

How to do it in practice? That's simple! We have listed models below that have `license:other` in their metadata and contain a LICENSE file in the repo. Those models require an update in their metadata to describe which license is attached.

For each model, the workflow looks like this:

> 1. Choose a model in the list below. For maximum impact, let's focus on the most downloaded or liked models first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose a model in the list below. We suggest focusing on the most downloaded or liked models first.
```

> 2. Check that the model doesn't already have a PR to update the license. Maybe another contributor already checked it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Check that the model doesn't already have a PR to update the license**. Maybe another contributor already checked it!
```
